doc(windows.md): update [ci skip] (#1742)
leanprover-community/mathlib: docs/install/windows.md

* Run the downloaded file (`python-3.x.x.exe`)
* Check `Add Python 3.x to PATH`.
* Choose the default installation.
* Open Git Bash (type `git bash` in the Start Menu)
* Run `which python`
  * The expected output is something like `/c/Users/<user>/AppData/Local/Programs/Python/Pythonxx-xx/python`. In this case, move to the next step.
  * If it's something like `/c/Users/<user>/AppData/Local/Microsoft/WindowsApps/python`, then you need to disable a Windows setting.
    * Type `manage app execution aliases` into the Windows search prompt (start menu) and open the corresponding System Settings page.
    * There should be two entries `App Installer python.exe` and `App Installer python3.exe`. Ensure that both of these are set to `Off`.
    * Close and reopen Git Bash and restart this step.

>   * If it is any other directory, you might have an existing version of Python. Ask help on Zulip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If it is any other directory, you might have an existing version of Python. Ask for help in the Zulip chat room (linked above).
```
The link to Zulip at the start of this document says "the chat room", whereas this just said "Zulip", which might be unclear for new users.
